Update per-machine-installation.md (#974)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/per-machine-installation.md

User intervention is not required for the per-machine sync client to update itself. Elevation is required when you first set it up. During setup, we install a scheduled task and a Windows service, which are used to perform the updates silently without user intervention since they run in elevated mode.

**How do I revert back to the per-user sync client if required?** 
We do not support automated migration from per-machine to per-user. To revert back after installing per-machine, please uninstall the sync client and [install the latest released version](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=844652) without the “/allusers” parameter.

**How can I detect the installation through SCCM?** 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For SCCM, to detect the install we used the following two registry detection rules with an OR() connector;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To detect your installation with SCCM, use the two registry detection rules below with an **OR()** connector;
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[HKLM\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\OneDrive]"1111-2222-3333-4444"=dword:0005000

> HKLM\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\OneDrive | Version | 32bit on 64bit TRUE | Type=Version | = 19.043.0304.0007

Reviewer: reg keys are normally bold see https://docs.microsoft.com/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/r/registry-registry-settings
